Wait, let's see if we can take it off.
Look, hold on.
Give it a little crank because it has so many gears.
So either you have to do something with the gears inside.
Remove a little bit of gears.
Make it so there's not a lot of torque.
But make it a little bit faster, you know what I mean?
So you're going to have to start playing with the—
—the combination of the gears inside.
Because it gets stuck right there.
So either you lose a little bit of the—
—the rim.
Or find wheels that are not too heavy.
So we can keep that momentum going.
Alright, well we know one works. The other one at the moment does not work.
So we soldered the other connection.
But the right-side motor works.